#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - ADD"
(Moving away to shoot JinSoul's solo scene!)
(What's happening now...?)
Choerry: 150,000 won?
Choerry: Nah...
Choerry: (A higher value added business) I think it would be 200,000 won~
JinSoul: As many as ten people are doing my hair
JinSoul: to make this kind of hair style.
JinSoul: I'd be honored!
JinSoul: I'm at Namyangju, Gyeonggi-do!
JinSoul: It's time to start filming my solo scene~
(JinSoul's subway set on daytime)
JinSoul: It would be such an unusual experience to dancing in a subway!
JinSoul: I think it's also the thing that only I can do!
(She feels very proud...)
#NowPlyaing "LOOΠΔ / JinSoul - Singing In The Rain"
(JinSoul is practicing hard while waiting for the nighttime to shoot the scene!)
(Finally every setting is done!)